your rescue team not assassins now what
are we gonna do in a part of the world
where there are no rules we pick up
their trail at the chopper run them down
grab those hostages before anybody knows
we were there what do you mean we deep
in the jungle with nothing that lives is
safe you lose it here during a world of
hurt an elite Rescue Squad is being led
by the ultimate warrior we need the best
but now they're up against we cannot see
no blood no bodies we have nothing but
it sees the heat of our bodies and the
heat of our fear whatever it is out
there hopper and Hyde wants us it kills
for pleasure he will still alive if
pulse for sport
[Music]
Branko but this time it's picked the
wrong man to hunt it please
[Applause]
[Music]
twentieth Century Fox presents Arnold
Schwarzenegger predator the hunt begins
Friday June 12th at theaters everywhere
[Music]